[MAINT] - Translate slides to data carpentry, update timings, add CI (#15)
carpentries-incubator/SDC-BIDS-fMRI: _episodes/01-intro-and-preprocessing.md

1. Understand how neuroimaging data is stored, and how it helps us perform analysis
2. Gain familiarity with the issues surrounding the analysis of fMRI data, and how we can combat it in pre-processing and analysis
3. Learn how to analyze neuroimaging data, working from beginning to end
4. Get comfortable with Python as a tool for analysis and visualization of data

## The Central Objective

This workshop is designed to teach you the basics and work up to performing a **intra-network functional connectivity analysis** of the **Default Mode Network** in individuals with Schizophrenia and compare them to a Control population.

All of this sounds fancy, but we'll explain in depth what this looks like in practice as the course goes along.

## A breakdown of material

The material covered will be:

1. Preprocessing fMRI data
2. Exploring fMRIPrep preprocessing pipeline outputs using pyBIDS
3. Introduction to Nilearn and Image manipulation
4. Integrating functional time-series data
5. Parcellation you data
6. Confound cleaning fMRI time-series signas
7. Functional Connectivity Analysis

## Pre-processing

> You're a researcher whose collected some nice MR images, and put in some work organizing your data into a BIDS dataset. Now you're rarin to go and want to play with some data and get some science done. However, *fMRI data is messy*, there are a ton of issues that you need to overcome before you can even begin to analyze your data, **this is called pre-processing**. Here are some of the issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're a researcher who's collected some nice MR images, and put in some work organizing your data into a BIDS dataset. Now you're rarin' to go and want to play with some data and get some science done. However, *fMRI data is messy*, there are a ton of issues that you need to overcome before you can even begin to analyze your data, **this is called pre-processing**. Here are some of the issues:
```

1. We have whole head images, *we just want the brain*

> 2. Your fMRI image and T1 (anatomical) image are not aligned with eachother

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Your fMRI image and T1 (anatomical) image are not aligned with each other
```
